With a gateway for its symbol, this Rune indicates that there is work to be done both inside and outside yourself.  The Spirit of Transformation guards the gate of the personal world, looking out as well as in, symbolizing the abiding urge to transcend the limits of the little self.  The gateway is at once a portal and a frontier between Heaven and the mundane.  Arriving here is a recognition of your readiness to contact the numinous, the Divine, to illuminate your experience so that its meaning shines through its form.

Thurisaz is a Rune of non-action.  The gateway is not to be approached and passed through without contemplation.  Here you are being confronted with a true reflection of what is hidden in yourself, what must be exposed and examined before successful action can be undertaken.  This Rune's strength lies in its ability to wait.  This is not a time to make decisions.  Deep transformational forces are at work in this next to last of the Cycle Runes.

Visualize a gateway on a hilltop.  Your entire life lies behind you and below.  Before you pass through, pause and review the past: the learning and the joys, the tests and tribulations, all that it took to bring you here.  Bless it, and release it all.  For in so doing you reclaim what is truly yours - your power in the universe.

Step through the gateway now.

Reversed:
Correct conduct is based on right attitude.  If, indeed, you are undergoing difficulties, remember that the quality of your passage is up to you.  Be certain that you are not suffering over your suffering.  Once again consider the uses of adversity.

Hasty decisions at this time may cause regrets, for the probability is that you will act from weakness, deceive yourself about your motives and create new problems more severe than those you are attempting to resolve.  Impulses must be tempered by thought for correct procedure.  Keep still and collect yourself, wait on the Tao, the Will of Heaven - nothing else is timely now.  Do not attempt to go beyond where you haven't yet begun.

Enforced contemplation is the essence of this Rune Reversed.  Drawing it indicates a quickening of your development.  Yet even when the growth process accelerates there will be halts along the way to reconsider, to integrate.  Take advantage of these halts.