A hieratic or mystery Rune pointing to that which is beyond our frail manipulative powers.  This Rune is on the side of Heaven, the Unknowable, and has associations with the Phoenix, that mystical bird that consumes itself in the fire and then rises from its own ashes.  Its ways are secret and hidden.

Deep inner transformational forces are at work here.  Yet what is achieved is not easily or readily shared.  An integrity is involved that my be masked, disguised or secret.  After all, becoming whole, the means of it, is a profound secret.

On the side of the earthly or mundane, there may well be surprises; unexpected gains are not unlikely.  On the side human nature, this Rune is symbolized by the flight of the eagle.  Soaring flight, free from entanglement, lifting yourself above the endless ebb and flow of ordinary life to acquire broader vision - all this is indicated here.  This is the Rune of question.

Another of the Cycle Runes, Perth signifies an intense aspect of initiation.  Nothing external matters here, except as it shows you its inner reflection.  This Rune is concerned with the deepest stratum of being, with the bedrock on which your fate is founded.  For some, Perth means experiencing a psychic death.  If need be, let go of everything, no exceptions, no exclusions.  Nothing less than renewal of the Spirit is at stake.

Reversed:

A counsel against expecting too much, or expecting in the ordinary way, for the old way has come to and end; you simply cannot repeat the old and not suffer.  Reversed, this Rune puts you on notice to call in your scattered energies and concentrate on you own life at this moment, your own requirements for growth.  More important, this Rune counsels you not to focus on outcomes, or to bind yourself with the memory of past achievements; in so doing, you rob yourself of a true present, which is the only time in which self-change can be realized.

You may feel overwhelmed with exhaustion from meeting obstruction upon obstruction in your passage.  Yet you always have a choice, you can see all this apparent negativity as "bad luck" or you can recognize it as an obstacle course, a challenge peculiar to the initiation you are presently undergoing.  Then each setback, each humiliation becomes a test of character.  When your inner being is shifting and reforming on a deep level, patience ,constancy and perseverance are called for.  So stay centered, see the humor, and keep on keeping on.