The symbol of this Rune is wholeness, that which our nature requires.  It embodies the impulse toward self-realization and indicates the path you must follow, not from ulterior motives but from the essence of your individuality.

Seeking after wholeness is the heart of the warrior's quest.  And yet what you are striving to become in actuality is what you already are in essence: it is your personal myth, that which you are to make conscious, bring into form, express in a creative way.  The sun symbolizes the path and illuminates the goal, which is the human heart.

A Rune of great power, making life force available to you, Sowelu marks a time for recharging and regeneration right down to the cellular level.  You may actually experience power surges, for the energies involved can be drastic.  Although this Rune has no Reversed position, there is reason for caution.  You may even see fit to withdraw, to retreat in the face of a pressing situation, especially if events or people are demanding that you "spend" your energy now.  Know that such a retreat is a retreat in strength, and that it can mark a voyage inward for centering, for balance.  Timely retreat is among the skills of the Spiritual Warrior.

At the same time, for some, this Rune counsels opening yourself up, letting the Light into some part of your life that has been secret, shut away.  To accomplish this may call for profound recognitions, for admitting to yourself something that you have long denied.  There is a prayer know as the Gayatri that embodies the spirit of this Rune.  Address the sun in this fashion.

You, who are the source of all power, whose rays illuminate the whole world, illuminate also my heart so that it too can do your work.

While reciting the Gayatri, visualize the sun's rays streaming forth into the world, entering your own heart, and then streaming out of your heart center in turn.  This is an extremely powerful and life-enhancing prayer.

Again, there is a caution not to give yourself airs.  Yet, even in a time of bountiful energy, you are required to face and vanquish your refusal to let right action flow through you.  Nourish this capacity, fir it is your true function.  Aim yourself truly and maintain your aim without manipulation.

Practice the art of not forcing.  Aim yourself truly and then maintain your aim without manipulative effort.  Meditate on Christ's worlds: I can of mine own self do nothing.  For in our own power, we do nothing; even in loving, it is Love that loves through us.  This way of thinking and being integrates new energies and permits you to flow into wholeness, which is the ultimate realization of your personal myth, and the goal of the Spiritual Warrior.