Upright or Reversed, this is a difficult Rune.  The necessity of relating to severe constraint is its lesson.  Its positive aspects represent the limitations we directly cause ourselves; its negative side attracts limitations from people around us.  Both are equally difficult to handle.  The role of Nauthiz is to identify our "shadow" areas, places where growth was stunted, resulting in weaknesses we project negatively onto others.  Try not to take this world personally, this Rune is saying, work with the shadow, examine what  inside you magnetizes misfortune into your life.  When you are able to look upon this Rune with a smile, you will recognize the troubles, denials and setbacks of life as your guides, teachers and developers.

The need for restraint is unquestionable here.  Drawing this Rude puts you on notice that there will be holdups, reasons to consider your plans carefully.  Only remember; your dissatisfactions are not unreasonable, because there is work to be done on your self.  So take it on with good will and show perseverance.

This is a time to pay off old debts, to restore, if not harmony, at least balance.  So mend, restore, redress.  When fishermen can't go to sea they repair nets.  Let the constraints of the time serve you in righting your relationship to your Self.  Be mindful that rectification comes before progress.  And once again, consider the uses of adversity.

Reversed:
When something within us is disowned, that which is disowned wreaks havoc.  A cleansing is required here; in undertaking it you fund a will and strengthen character.  Begin with what is most difficult and proceed to what is easy.  Remember that "suffering," in its original sense, merely meant "undergoing."  Thus you are required to undergo the dark side of your passage.  To control you anger, to restrain you instincts, to keep your faith firm - all this is at issue here.  Modesty and good temper are the essential blessings at such a time.

As part of the Cycle of Self-Transformation, Nauthiz is the great teacher disguised as the bring of pain and limitation.  It has been said that only at the point of greatest darkness do we become aware of the Light within us by which we come to recognize the true creative power of the Self.