The Rune of termination and new beginnings.  Drawing it indicates that the life you have been living has outgrown its form, which must die so that life energy can be released in a new birth, and new form.  Uruz is a Rune of passage and, as such part of the Cycle of Self-Transformation.

Positive growth and change, however, may involve passage into darkness as part of the cycle of perpetual renewal.  As in Nature, the progression consists of five parts: death, decay, gestation, germination, rebirth.  Events occurring now may well prompt you to undergo a death within yourself.  Since self-change is never coerced, we are always free to resist.  Remain mindful that the new form, the new life, is always greater than the old.

Prepare, then, for opportunity disguised as loss of someone or something to which there is an intense emotional bond, and through which you are living a part of you life, a part that must now be retrieved so you can live it out for yourself.  Now, in some way, that bound is being severed, a relationship radically changed, a death experienced.  Seek among the ashes and discover a new perspective and a new birth.

The original meaning of this symbol was "a wild ox" (the aurochs).  When the wild ox was domesticated, a nearly impossible task, it would transport heavy loads.  Learn to adapt your self to the demands of such a creative time.  Firm principles attach t this Rune, and at the same time humility is called for since in order to rule you must learn ho to serve.  This Rune puts you on notice that your soul and the universe support the new growth.

Reversed:
Without ears to hear and eyes to see, you may fail to take advantage of the moment.  The negative result could well be an opportunity missed, a weakening of your position.  It may seem that your won strength is being used against you.

For some, this Rune Reversed will serve to alert, providing clues in the form of minor failures and disappointments.  For others, those more deeply unconscious or unaware, it should provide a hard jolt.  Reversed, it calls for some serious thoughts about the quality of your relationship to your Self.

But take heart.  Remember the constant cycling of death and rebirth, the endless going and return.  Everything we experience has a beginning, a middle, and end, and is followed by a new beginning.  Therefor do not draw back from the passage into darkness.  When in deep water, become a diver.
