This Rune is concerned with communication, with the attunement of something that has two sides, two elements, and with the ultimate reunion that comes as the end of the journey when what is above and what is below are united and of one mind.  The journey is the soul's journey.  Moreover, the approach of that which is above and that which is below is realized from inmost sentiment rather than through the force of circumstances.  A simple prayer for the soul's journey is:

I will to Thy will.

Such a simple form of prayer is proper, it seems, on almost any occasion.  It is a suitable preamble, in particular, to healing.  Raido is another of the Runes in the Cycle of Self-Transformation.

Inner worth mounts here, and at such a time we must remember that we are not intended to rely entirely upon our own power, but instead to ask what is right action.  Ask through prayer, through addressing your own knowing, your body knowing, the Witness Self, the Teacher Within.  Once you are clear, then you can neutralize your refusal to let right action flow through you.  Not intent on movement, be content to wait.  While you wait, keep on removing resistances.  As the obstructions give way, all remorse arising from "trying to make it happen" disappears.

As always, the journey is toward self-healing, self-change and union.  You are concerned here with nothing less that unobstructed, perfect union.  But the union of Heaven and Earth cannot be forced.  Keep within your limits.  regulate any excesses in your life.  Material advantages must not weigh heavily on this journey of the self toward the Self.

Trust your own Process - that is the essence of this Rune.  Keep on cutting away illusions.  Stand apart even from like-minded others; the notion of strength in numbers does not apply at this time, for this part of the journey cannot be shared.  Innermost feeling, spontaneously expressed, is the only right action now.  This Rune urges you to undertake your journey, your quest - and if you have already begun, to continue.