This the Rune of the Spiritual Warrior.  Always the battle of the Spiritual Warrior is with the self.  Funding a will through action, yet unattached to outcomes, remaining mindful that all you can really do is stay out of your own way and let the Will of Heaven flow through you-these are the hallmarks of the Spiritual Warrior.

Embodied in this Rune is the energy of discrimination, the swordlike quality that enables us to cut away the old, the dead, the extraneous.  With this Rune comes the certain knowledge that the universe always has the first move.  Patience is the virtue of this Rune, and it recalls for us the words of St. Augustine that "The reward of patience is patience."  The molding of character is the issue when this Rune appears in your spread.

Here, you are asked to look within, to delve down to the foundations of your life itself.  Only in so doing can you hope to deal with the deepest needs of your nature and to tap into your most profound resources.  Associated with the Rune are the sun, yang energy, the active principle.  The urge toward conquest is prominent here, especially self-conquest, which is a lifelong pursuit and calls for awareness, single-mindedness and the willingness to undergo your passage without anxiety and in total trust.

When Teiwaz comes in response to a question about romantic attachment, it indicates that the relationship is both timely and providential.  The bond is to a partner with whom you resonate; there is work for you to do together.

If the issue relates to your devotion to a cause an idea, a path of conduct, the Warrior Rune counsels perseverance, although, at time, the kind of perseverance called for is patience.  What are your priorities?  How are you using your energy?  Teiwaz is a Rune of courage and dedication.  In ancient time it was this glyph that warriors painted on their shields before battle.  Now, with more refined energies in play, the same symbol strengthens your resolve in the struggle of the Self with the self.